Hello everyone and in this video I invite
cook you with me soft
creamy melted cheese in a slow cooker
and for its preparation we will need
I have milk 3 liters of milk
try to take exactly fat from me 32
percent but you can take fatter when
wish and a jar of sour cream sour cream too
it is desirable to take and the fatter the better
and at the very end for souring our
soft cheese, we need 1 lemon
and first of all pour all the milk into
multicooker bowl
then I close the bowl multicooker and
I put it on heating mode
rather, first I need to warm up
the content that is milk to the desired
I will warm up the temperature
such a state from a little hot
and after our milk got a little
hot there we need to lay out
a jar of sour cream bowl multicooker
and I close the slow cooker and the whole
day I put it on the heating mode
There is such a mode
preheating and we need to wait
until the milk is baked ie
she will get that golden hue
and melted taste well, about you
leave it somewhere you can 12:00
put on all night
so we have our milk in the evening
drowned for 12 hours and now it's time
paint it
with lemon juice and for this
goals we need accordingly
fresh lemon juice
now stir constantly
I pour our lemon juice in the ghee
milk and stir it all well
and here you see that I have milk
is a cheesy table and now its
can be folded on the sieve if
you see that you have no milk
it collapses then it means that little
you lemon juice freshly squeezed
added add more
so I just filtered through a sieve
our soft cheese is such a large amount
I got enough and also
add salt to taste
a little bit of garlic here I have a connection
frozen parsley
But you can leave it in principle
I just want to see this time
try adding more spices and
then I will weigh and say how much I have
turned out by weight
and that product yield was 650
grams of soft creamy melted
cheese
and our soft cream cheese i will
store for two to three days in
the fridge
accordingly I will screw our
capacity lid here we are actually in
for two or three days it is kept very
well longer basically he has us
never stale
and by the way wanted to say about the spice
Here I am for the rule put 5 cloves
garlic
bunch of parsley green sea salt and
added to taste and get very
very tasty very similar to cheese
hochland almette and here it is us
filler with a variety of such was
my recipe subscribe to my channel
Thank everyone for your attention and
bon appetit and bye